My 6ft gf be like “come up here babe”
How the world flat if my girl so tall
Legs extra fit from jumping up to kiss my girl
When Björk goes, I go
100% sun-dried California raisins by Sun Maid gave me the all-natural energy I needed to get through my divorce
I’ll eat an oatmeal cookie. I don’t give a damn
Looking at hot girls online. Marriage is a blessing.
Yeah I’m a single-issue voter. That issue? HOT girls !
Hot girls... What are they like?
Hot girls are LINING UP to glance at me and then look away
Bad teeth, bad brain
Are you there God? it's me, Dickhead
Sex is a roller coaster you have to be 6’ tall for
Thick and sweet, she my mini wheat
banksy clogged my toilet again
labia majora
Look, I'm sorry  ok
Oh that’s your girl??  Then why she just eskimo kiss me
an eye roll emoji the size of the sun
9/11 changed everything
Perhaps we were too quick to swear off sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g
I’m not going to let my family’s history of receding gum line define me
One hundred thousand girlfriends
the mailman called me a pussy again
french immersion summer camp
Neighbor buys a BMW and suddenly our lawn is a canvas
Had coffee on an empty stomach and again had the vision of my wife and child if I hadn’t gone to college. The child has a yo-yo. We never taught it math!
A good kiwi fruit will take you to the ground
THE pampered chef
Is My Bad Posture Holding Me Back? I Asked 6 Women Who Refuse to Date Me
Spiders have taken over the balcony. They’ve established a municipality. They’ve seated a mayor.
does “Helen of Troy” mean that Troy was her dad or what’s going on there
From the palace of my mind
My Wife is Sleeping With Other Men
acne is my Vietnam
Me and the dudes on the range, having a cup. Mmm the American West.
My biceps haven’t changed size in 5 years because they’re adequate, they’re enough.
My preferred pronouns are a breeze and the sound of flowing water
My preferred pronouns are a wisp of hair and a quickened pulse
comedians in cars doing whippits
A Legume of One's Own
*/*~driftless~*\*
I used to be angsty but now I love plants
9 out of 10 dentists agree, your mom is doing *great* for 45
I Spent 9 Months In The Womb &amp; All I Got Was This Body
If you sit on your hand for 15 minutes and then brush your teeth it feels like someone else is brushing your teeth
In the soup aisle, yelling || show me a better deal.
Smoking a cig the size of kansas
The girl you just made fun of? That's Julian Casablancas
paypal me your dad's money
tuscan herb bagel strong as hell
cutie of the year and she's got a mean limp
The name "Matt Kenseth" has never touched my goddamn lips
bike older than your parent's marriage
The most elusive Pokémon, the clitoris
sweating through my shirt as performance art
america's next top dropout
